Bomberman (#1)
mate-academy/py-bomberman-one: README.md

# Bomberman pygame application day 1

- Read [the guideline](https://github.com/mate-academy/py-task-guideline/blob/main/README.md) before start
- [Pygame primer](https://realpython.com/pygame-a-primer/#sprite-groups)
- [Pygame sprites and groups](https://kidscancode.org/blog/2016/08/pygame_1-2_working-with-sprites/)

You already have initial structure of game Bomberman.

<img width="500" alt="Initial" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80070761/153867128-3e78f7d2-1231-46f2-8e8a-af35caa03e24.png">

There are `player` (green rectangle) and `walls` (white squares).
You should implement these features:
- Player must be able to move up, down, left, right when user
presses arrows (overwrite method update).
- Player cannot walk away from field and walk over the walls.
- Player should deploy a bomb when user presses space key. Player cannot
put bomb if less than 1 second has passed from last deploying (that is
all so far, bomb will explode later). Player cannot walk over the bomb also.

> - Replace simple colored rectangles with pictures given in `"app/images/`.

Reviewer: Is there information about how to change the sprite image based on the direction?

# Bomberman pygame application day 1

- Read [the guideline](https://github.com/mate-academy/py-task-guideline/blob/main/README.md) before start
- [Pygame primer](https://realpython.com/pygame-a-primer/)
- [Pygame sprites and groups](https://kidscancode.org/blog/2016/08/pygame_1-2_working-with-sprites/)

> Games! Games is perfect example to show OOP principles at work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Games! Game is a perfect example to show OOP principles at work.
```

You could play game Bomberman in your youth or childhood, now

> you have to write your own a little modified version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it's time to write your own a little modified version.
```
Sounds more friendly for me

> you have to write your own a little modified version.

Author: It is already changed. 0_o

> You already have initial structure of game Bomberman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You already have the initial structure of the game Bomberman.
```
